hi there this is Kevin with rogue deck
builder calm here with an amazing deck
that one of our you our Facebook members
just came up with off of the beck and
call this card right here that was just
spoiled and he pointed out that wow that
instead of looking at call kind of calls
kind of bad that's a lot of mana to put
for white bird tokens into play and even
more 48 mana to actually get the four
tokens and drawing cards so he noticed
that Beck is basically like glimpse of
nature is one mana more than glimpse in
nature is and glimpse of nature is a
band card in modern because it was
incredibly overpowered so it's we were
very we're both very surprised that
wizard kind of reprinted glimpse of
nature in the form of back and he went
went ahead and made a modern deck and
this comes from Micah Elliott he's
actually got his own YouTube channel i
will link it in the description or maybe
put a a title here that will link to it
and you can check out his his youtube
page he has some very good commentary on
drafts and on upcoming projects he's
going to be doing a lot of robed x i'm
sure as well because we share a very
similar personality as when it comes to
deck building I've chatted him a little
bit here and there so anyway that yeah
thanks to Michael Elliot for this deck
so he's got here's the deck just laid
out it is going to be the it's gonna be
the artifacts that cost nothing so mere
enforcer ornithopter mem night frog my
wandering a mere enforcer if you could
actually get it down enough to actually
make it worthwhile I'm thinking that
maybe spring leaf drum might be another
card you can put in here and it will
help accelerate your man as well solano
the the land base is only fourteen lands
with a mox opal that kind of acts as a
land as well and then he's got Genesis
chamber which says it's kind of hard on
this website to see says whenever a
token creature and enter a non token
creature comes into play if Genesis
chamber is untapped that creatures
controller puts a 11 mere artifact
creature into play so you slap a Genesis
chamber down and then you can slap these
guys down you get an extra 11 art
I guess that's how he gets enough out
for the mere enforcers but I'm telling
you I think spring leitrim might be a
very good card in this as it works so
great with this retract retract says
return all artifacts in control the
owner's hand so what you do on the on
basically either I wonder how fast this
could actually actually go off I'm
thinking this could be like a second
term first turn kill with grapeshot we'd
have to see thought cast of course to
draw a few more cars to get card
advantage but good ignore this glimpse
of nature this is actually beck and call
so basically what you do is you slam the
beck and call and then you slam all of
these 01 stuff down are all a zero
casting cost creatures down to get a
Genesis chamber trigger off every one of
them and also this should actually
trying to see how chromatic star works
in here I'm thinking chromatic star star
would actually be better with better as
a spring leaf drum so that's definitely
a a suggestion I would make change those
chromatic stars into spring leaf jumps I
do understand that it actually does help
you or grapeshot your grape shot count
but i'm thinking that spring leitrim
with retrack might be a little bit
better as it can basically keep getting
you unlimited like unlimited mana
through the mocks opals and spring leaf
drums and you can still i'm pretty sure
go through your deck quite quickly maybe
that's why they want the chromatic stars
because when it does oh no it's put to
the graveyard from play if it came into
play and draw a card that would be a lot
better so maybe there's another card
that would actually be a little bit
better that when it comes into play you
draw a card off to off to check check
and see the eggs list to see what type
of artifacts the eggs use I know most of
the eggs list is when it goes to the
graveyard as well so I'm what if there's
a good comes into play draw a card type
artifact that you can kind of abuse with
this retract so yeah pretty good though
I mean I'm pretty sure that just to
retract and thought cast and just the
amount of artifacts you get into play
immediately that I am sure that you can
you can go off quite click with this
grapeshot and of course another option
besides grapeshot or in addition to
grapeshot would definitely be
empty the warrens as that will the next
turn you could swing in for the win so
yeah I wonder there's any other
suggestions we're trying to build the
stack for modern kind of like the
glimpse I mean they glisten nature was
otto band when modern came out was one
of the initial cards that they had
banned because they knew that it would
be abused and now they basically this
reprinted as back so once again let's
just check out back one more time
whenever creature enters the battlefield
this turn you may draw card s whenever a
creature any creature enters the
battlefield not when you cast a creature
so it triggers off of course all those
11 mirror tokens too so anyway yeah just
seems like a sweet deck it does seem
like you have to have a BEC in your hand
for this to go off but definitely this
is going to be a viable modern deck and
thanks to mike elliott you saw it here
first on rogue deck builder we're going
to try to brew this as soon as it comes
out everyone go check his channel out
and give him a big thumbs up for
creating the stack and bring it to my
attention and yeah we'll mess around
with it a little more this is kevin from
rogue deck builder tom thanks for
watching